Open the maintenance for `prodpublick8s` 's SP renewal (#255)
jenkins-infra/status: content/issues/2023-03-07-maintenance-prodpublick8s-sp.md

---
title: Update Azure Service Principal credential for the AKS cluster prodpublick8s
date: 2023-03-07T13:00:00-00:00
resolved: false
# resolvedWhen: 2023-03-07T14:00:00-00:00
# Possible severity levels: down, disrupted, notice
severity: disrupted
affected:
  - accounts.jenkins.io
  - get.jenkins.io
  - incrementals.jenkins.io
  - javadoc.jenkins.io
  - jenkins-wiki-exporter.jenkins.io
  - ldap.jenkins.io
  - plugins.jenkins.io
  - reports.jenkins.io
  - stories.jenkins.io
  - www.jenkins.io
section: issue
---

We'll perform an operation on the AKS cluster `prodpublick8s` the 07 of March 2023 at 13:00 UTC.

The goal of this operation is to rotate the (soon-to-be-expired) Azure Service Principal credential for this cluster.

This operation will restart all the machines of the cluster.

The following services will be restarted (e.g. unavailable during the restart phase):

- ldap.jenkins.io (authentication on ci.jenkins.io and issues.jenkins.io is affected)
- reports.jenkins.io

> The following services will be migrated without downtime (e.g. slower response time during the operation):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following services will be migrated without downtime (but slower response time during the operation):
```
